Environment - Renewable Resources
We’re protecting and creating sustainable working forests, as well as harnessing natural resources for clean, renewable energy.
http://www.apple.com/environment/renewable-resources/
Apple Watch - Timekeeping
Apple Watch keeps time with incredible accuracy — working with your iPhone, within 50 milliseconds of the global standard. You can even customize your watch face.
http://www.apple.com/watch/timekeeping/
iPad in Business Profiles - Daiwa House Industries | Apple
Learn how iPad and custom iOS apps help Japan’s biggest prefabricated homebuilder construct and sell smarter homes.
http://www.apple.com/ipad/business/profiles/daiwahouse/
Apple Facilities
... installation in the country, but we've also installed solar arrays and ... of our own
 energy, we fulfill the remaining needs with grid-purchased renewable ... 
http://www.apple.com/environment/reports/docs/Apple_Facilities_Report_2013.pdf
Press Info - Apple Announces New Environmental ...
... That's clean energy added to the grid that would otherwise not be there. The
solar projects were carefully designed to minimize their ecological ... 
http://www.apple.com/pr/library/2015/05/11Apple-Announces-New-Environmental-Initiatives-in-China.html
Education - Using Mac inside and outside the ...
The Mac is an easy-to-use, powerful computer that comes with applications that help students create amazing projects.
http://www.apple.com/education/mac/
Downloads - Dashboard Widgets - TwinCalendar ...
Badi (Bahaâ€™i) calendar widget. Calculates sunrise/sunset and displays Holy Days.
http://www.apple.com/downloads/dashboard/reference/twincalendarwidget.html
Apple Facilities
Environmental Footprint Report
Fiscal 2012
Contents
Page 3 Apple and the Environment
Page 4 Managing Energy at Apple Facilities
Apple Energy Policy
Cupertino-Area Corporate Facilities, California
Maiden, North Carolina, Data Center
Newark, California, Data Center
Prineville, Oregon, Data Center
Reno, Nevada, Data Center
Other Apple Facilities Worldwide
Page 10 Energy Consumption and Renewable Energy Disclosure
Fiscal 2011
Fiscal 2012
Page 11 Water Use
Building Cooling
Landscape Irrigation
Sanitary
Page 12 Waste and Recycling
Compost
Recycling
Page 13 Transportation
Employee Commute
Intercampus
Apple Business Use Vehicles
Business Travel
Page 14 Procurement
Page 15 Environment, Health, and Safety Policy
Guiding Principles
Page 16 References
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 2
Fiscal 2012
Apple and the Environment
Since 2006, Apple has reported our environmental impact comprehensively by assessing
the full life-cycle greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions associated with every product and
service we offer. We do this because greenhouse gas emissions have an impact on the
planet’s balance of land, ocean, and air temperature.
We know the vast majority of GHG attributable to Apple comes from the product life
cycle, which includes the design, manufacture, transportation, use, and recycling of our
products. That’s why we design our products to be both material and energy efficient,
free of toxic substances, and made of highly recyclable materials.
While our facilities represent just 2 percent of our total carbon footprint, we apply the
same rigor in managing this aspect of our carbon footprint as we do in reducing the
environmental impact of our products. In fact, the carbon footprint associated with our
data centers is counted as part of the facilities portion of our greenhouse gas reporting.
Our data centers provide services such as the iTunes Store, App Store, iMessage, and
many more, which we consider an integral part of our product experience.
This report documents the environmental impact of our facilities and our efforts to
reduce their impact. In particular, this report documents:
• How we generate and use energy across our worldwide facilities including our
corporate offices, data centers, and retail stores by highlighting our fiscal 2012
accomplishments
• Our initiatives across all our facilities, including water use, waste and recycling,
transportation, and procurement
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines version 3.1 were
considered during the preparation of this report. To learn more about our GRI reporting,
review our GRI Index at www.apple.com/environment/reports/gri-index.html.
To learn more about other ways Apple reduces our greenhouse gas emissions or other
environmental impact, refer to the following:
• To learn about the life-cycle impact on the environment of Apple products, review our
Product Environmental Reports at www.apple.com/environment/reports.
• To learn about our product recycling program, review our Apple Recycling Program at
www.apple.com/recycling.
• To learn about Apple’s Supplier Responsibility—including our work to address labor
and human rights, worker health and safety, and environmental impact—review our
annual report at www.apple.com/supplierresponsibility.
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 3
Fiscal 2012
Apple Total Carbon Footprint—2012
The vast majority of our carbon emissions comes
from the manufacturing, transportation, use, and
recycling of our products. The rest—2 percent—
comes from our data centers and other facilities.
GHG Emissions (Metric Tons CO2e/Employee)
Emissions data includes natural gas and electricity
consumed at Apple-owned and leased facilities
worldwide, in addition to employee commute,
fleet vehicles, and air travel.1, 2
􀀃
􀀄
􀀅
􀀂􀀁
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
􀀅􀀄􀀂􀀁􀀉􀀒􀀑􀀌􀀕􀀋􀀔􀀁􀀈􀀏􀀎􀀍􀀁􀀆􀀖􀀋􀀐􀀍
􀀃􀀂􀀁􀀇􀀊􀀋􀀏􀀐􀀏􀀔􀀏􀀍􀀓
Managing Energy at Apple Facilities
Apple Energy Policy
At Apple, managing the energy required to power our data centers, retail stores,
and other facilities worldwide is another important part of how we are reducing
the environmental impact we have on the world. That’s why for more than 10 years,
Apple has purchased low-carbon, 100 percent renewable energy for our facilities
located in Austin, Texas; Elk Grove, California; Cork, Ireland; Munich, Germany; and
most Apple facilities across Australia.3 We also have applied for as much renewable
energy as is allowed by the California Direct Access program, which powers our Cupertino
Infinite Loop headquarters with 100 percent renewable energy. And at our data center in
Maiden, North Carolina, we have built and have turned on the nation’s largest end user–
owned, onsite solar photovoltaic array, and completed construction on the largest
non-utility fuel cell installation operating anywhere in the country.
To guide our effort in managing the energy that powers our facilities, we have created a
three-tiered strategy. Our primary focus is to achieve a net zero energy policy. In other
words, to use 100 percent renewable energy. The first tier of this strategy is to design
and operate our facilities to be as energy efficient as possible. To this end, we have
optimized energy use in existing facilities and designed new facilities from the ground
up with energy efficiency as a fundamental principle. One example is our Maiden, North
Carolina, data center, which is the only data center facility of its size and type to have
earned LEED Platinum certification. Reducing the amount of energy we require to
operate our facilities is the most basic and important thing we can do.
Second, to meet our reduced energy needs, we generate clean, renewable energy from
projects we develop on our own. Not only have we built the largest non-utility solar
array and largest non-utility fuel cell installation in the country, but we’ve also installed
solar arrays and fuel cells for our Cupertino, California, facilities.
Third, where it’s not feasible to create all of our own energy, we fulfill the remaining
needs with grid-purchased renewable energy, preferably delivered to our facilities or
onto the same electric grid in which our facilities are located. Here we have been
exceptionally rigorous on two fronts: First, in ensuring that grid-purchased renewable
energy be from newer projects, with the objective of providing investment incentives to
local providers. Second, to secure renewable energy from the grid in the region in which
we require it. In cases where we aren’t able to purchase renewable energy in this way—
due to local regulations—Apple will purchase Renewable Energy Credits (RECs) from
market sources, which we then register and are careful to retire.
The implementation of our energy strategy results in an energy supply mix unique
to each location. In all cases, though, Apple’s goal is to meet our energy needs with
100 percent clean, renewable energy that reduces GHG emissions and other
environmental impacts.
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 4
Fiscal 2012
Apple sites powered by 100% renewable energy
􀀄􀀃􀀃􀀂􀀁􀀂􀀅􀀈􀀅􀀊􀀃􀀄􀀇􀀅
􀀁􀀈􀀅􀀉􀀆􀀋
Apple corporate Data centers
• Austin, TX • Maiden, NC
• Cupertino, CA (HQ) • Newark, CA
• Elk Grove, CA • Prineville, OR
• Cork, Ireland
• Munich, Germany
• Australia (most Apple facilities)
Renewable Energy Principles
As Apple seeks renewable energy for our facilities around the globe, we work within the
context of the local geographic region and its resources, and through the local regulatory
requirements. Because these differ at every site, we have developed three principles to
guide our effort: displacement, additionality, and accountability.
The principles of displacement and additionality guide our renewable energy generation.
We want to make sure not only that we displace dirtier forms of energy in the same grid
region in which we operate, but also that any clean renewable energy we create is beyond
(i.e., in addition to) that which is already mandated by local legislation. The goal is to
ensure that our clean energy generation makes a difference in communities where we
do business, thus reducing the carbon footprint of grid electricity from region to region. Of
course, Apple always retires the renewable energy credits created by our onsite renewable
energy generation, so they cannot be used by other energy suppliers or consumers.
The principle of accountability refers to the rigor we apply in measuring and reporting
our energy use to ensure that our reporting is accurate and that there is no double
counting. In other words, that only Apple has consumed these renewable resources.
Therefore, wherever possible, we use the same renewable energy tracking systems that
utilities use to demonstrate their compliance with renewable energy mandates. These
systems also enforce measurement and reporting accuracy standards for renewable
generators. For instance, when we purchase energy, we hand-pick the generation
facilities, biasing our selections toward newer projects to help stimulate market growth,
and we use long-term contracts to sustain the resource over time.
The result of our renewable energy policies has yielded significant progress. Over the
last three years, we have increased our use of renewable energy at our global corporate
facilities from 35 percent to 75 percent.
Below, we detail the progress we’ve made in each of our major facilities around the
globe to reduce the carbon footprint associated with their use.
Cupertino-Area Corporate Facilities, California
We are applying our three-tiered energy strategy to our corporate headquarters located
in Cupertino, California.
Energy Efficiency
In 2012, Apple completed a two-year energy overhaul of our primary Infinite Loop
Campus in Cupertino. The results were substantial, with a combined electrical and
natural gas energy savings of over 30 percent at a time when occupancy increased
by more than 12 percent.
This was achieved through a combination of equipment upgrades and control
system improvements.
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 5
Fiscal 2012
􀀂
􀀅􀀃􀀄􀀃 􀀅􀀃􀀄􀀅
􀀄􀀂􀀁
􀀅􀀂􀀁
􀀆􀀂􀀁
􀀇􀀂􀀁
􀀃􀀂􀀂􀀁
􀀁􀀅􀀃􀀆􀀄􀀂􀀇􀀄 􀀄􀀄􀀆􀀂􀀁
Renewable energy use at Apple corporate
facilities worldwide
In our pursuit of a net zero energy policy, Apple
has increased our use of clean, renewable energy by
114% since 2010 at major Apple corporate facilities.
Equipment upgrades. HVAC and lighting equipment was replaced with modern,
high-efficiency units, including:
• New high-efficiency air-conditioning chillers with frictionless magnetic bearings, for
quieter, more efficient operations, and the ability to operate more efficiently at the
“low load” conditions common to the mild Bay Area climate, resulting in the number
of chillers being reduced by half
• New state-of-the-art hot-water boilers, able to operate efficiently down to 5 percent
of their rated output
• “Smart” garage exhaust fans that change speed based on carbon monoxide levels in
the garage. This project alone is expected to reduce energy consumption by 548,000
kWh/year
• Upgrading outdoor and garage lighting fixtures to high-performance induction and
LED technology, increasing efficiency and equipment life
Control systems. Retro-commissioning studies identified efficiency savings in our
existing HVAC systems, including:
• Installing variable-speed controls to maximize equipment efficiency as HVAC systems
respond to changing conditions
• Controlling our variable-speed equipment most effectively to ensure cooling air is
delivered at the most optimum temperature and pressure
• Increased use of outside air to cool equipment on the moderate days common to the
Bay Area climate, up to 80 percent of the time
• Further refined scheduling to distinguish labs and critical 24/7 loads from other spaces
Results. The equipment upgrades and control system improvements at our Infinite Loop
buildings resulted in annual electrical energy savings of 5.3 million kWh and annual gas
energy savings of 261,000 therms. We expanded lessons learned from our Infinite Loop
buildings across all of our Cupertino facilities and, over the last two years, we achieved:
• 12 million kWh in energy savings
• Over 500,000 therms in natural gas savings
• Taken together, the CO2e emissions avoided by these savings equate to removing
2,200 passenger vehicles from the road or the electricity to power 1,600 homes.4
Included in these savings are results from our new “efficient growth” program where
we perform detailed energy modeling and life-cycle cost analysis on newly acquired
buildings. This effort resulted in expected annual energy savings of 3.7 million kWh and
28,000 therms, when compared to minimal compliance with California’s energy code.
Apple-Owned Renewable Energy Projects
Our onsite, Apple-owned renewable energy projects in Cupertino include:
• A 500-kilowatt biogas-powered fuel cell project currently supplying approximately
4 million kWh annually of clean, renewable electricity that helps us avoid more than
1,200 metric tons5 of CO2 equivalent (CO2e) emissions.
• A rooftop solar photovoltaic system for our Vallco Parkway facility that, in 2013, will
produce a peak output of 550 kW and an annual production of approximately
840,000 kWh.
• A rooftop solar photovoltaic system for our Homestead facility that, in 2013, will produce
a peak output of 180 kW and an annual production of approximately 270,000 kWh.
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 6
Fiscal 2012
Infinite Loop Campus Energy Consumption
􀀅
􀀆􀀅􀀅􀀅
􀀇􀀅􀀅􀀅
􀀈􀀅􀀅􀀅
􀀉􀀅􀀅􀀅
􀀅
􀀆􀀅􀀅􀀄􀀅􀀅􀀅
􀀇􀀅􀀅􀀄􀀅􀀅􀀅
􀀈􀀅􀀅􀀄􀀅􀀅􀀅
􀀉􀀅􀀅􀀄􀀅􀀅􀀅
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
􀀌􀀒􀀕􀀑􀀔􀀚􀀏􀀏􀀗 􀀊􀀓􀀓􀀙􀀎􀀑􀀁􀀌􀀓􀀏􀀖􀀐􀀚􀀁􀀂􀀍􀀍􀀋􀀘􀀙􀀃
These two facilities are key examples of using the three-tiered approach of efficiency,
onsite renewable energy, and grid-purchased renewable energy to achieve our net
zero goal.
All together, CO2e emissions avoided by these three projects equate to removing 750
passenger vehicles from the road or the electricity to power 540 homes for one year.4
Grid-Purchased Renewable Energy
California allows the direct wholesale purchase of renewable energy through a program
called Direct Access. In 2011, we were granted regulatory approval to procure renewable
energy for our Cupertino-area facilities through this program. The program is limited in
capacity and Apple worked with the local utility to phase in our load over two years.
Early in 2012, we began supplying about half the facilities, including our Cupertino
headquarters, with 100 percent renewable energy. Early in 2013, we began supplying
the remaining facilities with 100 percent renewable energy.
Our portfolio of renewable energy sources serving our Cupertino-area facilities includes
a Monterey, California, landfill gas-to-power project, a California geothermal project, and
a California wind project.
At our Cupertino-area facilities, we've focused first on reducing the load in the heart of
our operations, then supplying what remains with clean energy.
Maiden, North Carolina, Data Center
To meet the energy needs of the Maiden data center with a renewable energy mix,
we embarked on an industry-leading program combining energy efficiency with
Apple-owned renewable energy projects and grid-purchased renewable energy.
Energy Efficiency and Green Building
Our Maiden data center is exceptionally energy efficient and has earned the coveted
LEED Platinum certification from the U.S. Green Building Council. We know of no other
data center of comparable size that has achieved this level of LEED certification.
The energy-efficient design elements of the Maiden facility include:
• A chilled water storage system to improve chiller efficiency by transferring 10,400 kWh
of electricity consumption from peak to off-peak hours each day
• Use of “free” outside air cooling through a waterside economizer operation during
night and cool-weather hours, which, along with water storage, allows the chillers
to be turned off more than 75 percent of the time
• Extreme precision in managing cooling distribution for cold-air containment pods,
with variable-speed fans controlled to exactly match air flow to server requirements
from moment to moment
• Power distributed at higher voltages, which increases efficiency by reducing power loss
• White cool-roof design to provide maximum solar reflectivity
• High-efficiency LED lighting combined with motion sensors
• Real-time power monitoring and analytics during operations
• Construction processes that utilized 14 percent recycled materials, diverted 93 percent
of construction waste from landfills, and sourced 41 percent of purchased materials
within 500 miles of the site
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 7
Fiscal 2012
Maiden data center
Apple’s Renewable Energy Projects at Maiden
In 2012, we built the nation’s largest end user–owned, onsite solar photovoltaic array
on land surrounding the data center. This 100-acre, 20-megawatt (MW) facility has an
annual production capacity of 42 million kWh of clean, low-carbon, renewable energy.
Late last year, we decided to double our capacity by beginning construction on a second
20-MW solar photovoltaic facility nearby that should be operational near the end of 2013.
In 2012, we also worked with the North Carolina Utilities Commission (NCUC) to develop
state-specific rules under which fuel cells supplied by biogas from landfills and other
renewable sources can be used to generate renewable energy. Consistent with these
rules, we built an onsite 4.8-MW fuel cell installation fueled by landfill biogas that
provides more than 40 million kWh of 24/7 baseload renewable energy annually.
In early 2013, we expanded this installation to 10 MW, which makes it the largest
non-utility fuel cell installation operating anywhere in the country, supplying more
than 83 million kWh annually.
Apple is also working with the Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions at
Duke University to help develop the biogas market within North Carolina. This is an
example of Apple driving improvements in renewable energy availability in regions
where we operate.
Energy from these projects displaces dirtier forms of energy, such as coal, from serving
our data center load. The energy will be tracked in the North Carolina Renewable Energy
Tracking System, overseen by NCUC, and will be additional to renewable energy that the
utilities companies must supply for their state Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS)
requirements. We will retire the renewable energy credits from our facilities, so they
cannot be sold or put to any other use.
Keeping Pace
The renewable energy capacity that we’ve already built in North Carolina has an annual
capacity of 125 million kWh, which is in excess of what our Maiden data center consumed
(104 million kWh) during the entirety of our last full year of operation, fiscal 2012.
We expect our data center load to grow, so our work is not yet done. In late 2013, after
our second 20-MW solar photovoltaic facility comes online, we will have an installed
annual capacity of 167 million kWh from local Apple-owned renewable energy projects
to help meet the growing needs of our data center. CO2e emissions avoided by these
projects equates to removing 24,500 passenger vehicles from the road or the electricity
needed to power 17,600 homes for one year.4
Grid-Purchased Renewable Energy
North Carolina does not permit Direct Access; therefore, our grid-purchased option is to
use an in-state partner to procure local renewable energy credits. Apple is partnering
with NC GreenPower—an independent, nonprofit organization created by the State
Assembly through the NCUC tasked with increasing renewable energy production
within the state—to supply our data center with renewable energy credits (RECs). All
the RECs acquired from NC GreenPower are Green-e Energy certified, eligible for the
state’s RPS, and generated within North Carolina.
One of our largest projects with NC GreenPower is helping the local landfill in Catawba
County (located just 3 miles from the Maiden data center) to generate electricity using
its waste methane gas.
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 8
Fiscal 2012
Maiden solar photovoltaic array
To date, we have procured over 175 million kWh of RECs from NC GreenPower, which,
when combined with production from our Apple-owned photovoltaic and fuel cell
projects, covers the data center’s full load with renewable energy since its first day of
operation in October 2010.
Newark, California, Data Center
Early in 2012, we were granted regulatory approval to procure renewable energy directly
from the wholesale market for our Newark, California, data center through California’s
Direct Access program. Beginning in January 2013, we have been serving the data center
with 100 percent clean, renewable energy, sourced mostly from California wind.
Prineville, Oregon, Data Center
Our newest data center, currently under construction in Prineville, Oregon, will be every
bit as environmentally􀀁responsible as our Maiden data center. At Prineville, we have
access to enough local renewable􀀁energy sources to completely meet the needs of the
facility. To achieve this goal, we’re working with two local utilities as well as a number of
renewable energy generation providers to develop and purchase power from local
wind, solar, and micro-hydro resources. The micro-hydro projects will generate power
from water flowing through irrigation canals, which are already part of the agricultural
framework of Oregon.
Oregon allows the direct wholesale purchase of renewable energy through Direct
Access, and Apple is using this program to opt out of the default grid mix and access
local renewable energy sources directly.
Reno, Nevada, Data Center
Our next data center, to be located in Reno, Nevada, will also be every bit as
environmentally􀀁responsible as our Maiden data center. We will be making use
of the excellent natural solar radiation and geothermal resources in Nevada to
completely meet the energy needs of our data center.
Other Apple Facilities Worldwide
For nearly 10 years, we’ve purchased 100 percent renewable energy for our operations
center in Austin, Texas. Since then, we’ve added our operations centers in Elk Grove,
California, and Cork,􀀁Ireland, as well as our facility in Munich, Germany. In 2012, we added
most facilities across Australia to our list of sites procuring 100 percent renewable energy.3
Energy purchased for these sites comes from local or regional renewable energy projects.
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 9
Fiscal 2012
FY11 FY12
Location Electricity
(Millions
kWh)
Scope 1
CO2e
(tonnes)
Scope 2
CO2e
(tonnes)
Total
Scope 1 &
2 CO2e
(tonnes)
Electricity
(Millions
kWh)
Scope 1
CO2e
(tonnes)
Scope 2
CO2e
(tonnes)
Total
Scope 1 &
2 CO2e
(tonnes)
Corporate
Offices
235 14,425 82,183 96,608 232 13,159 84,611 97,770
Cupertino, CA 127 11,007 39,428 50,435 130 10,949 39,457 50,406
Elk Grove, CA 26 556 7,930 8,486 22 560 6,952 7,512
Austin, TX 18 45 10,139 10,184 20 59 10,635 10,694
Cork, Ireland 10 804 4,598 5,402 10 715 4,801 5,516
Singapore 6 — 3,243 3,243 9 32 4,946 4,978
Other Offices 48 2,013 16,845 18,858 40 845 17,819 18,664
Data Centers 138 — 51,651 51,651 217 146 87,732 87,878
Maiden, NC 44 — 22,663 22,663 104 146 52,977 53,123
Newark, CA 93 — 28,988 28,988 111 — 33,492 33,492
Prineville, OR — — — — 2 — 1,263 1,263
Retail Stores 122 2,600 65,769 68,369 159 2,812 83,285 86,097
Total 493 216,628 608 271,746
􀀃
􀀄
􀀅
􀀆
􀀂􀀁
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
􀀁
􀀃􀀄
􀀄􀀁
􀀅􀀄
􀀂􀀁􀀁
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
􀀁
􀀂􀀁􀀁
􀀃􀀁􀀁
􀀄􀀁􀀁
􀀂􀀋􀀍􀀌􀀋􀀍􀀆􀀏􀀇 􀀃􀀆􀀏􀀆􀀁􀀂􀀇􀀊􀀏􀀇􀀍􀀎 􀀄􀀇􀀏􀀆􀀈􀀉􀀁􀀅􀀏􀀋􀀍􀀇􀀎
􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
Electricity Usage (MWh/Employee)
Natural Gas Usage (Therms/Employee)
Electricity Usage By Business Unit (M kWh)
Electricity and natural gas data is compiled from utility
consumption data for sites owned and leased by Apple.1
Energy Consumption and
Renewable Energy Disclosure
Managing electricity and natural gas consumption at Apple facilities is an integral part
of our process to reduce our GHG emissions.
Fiscal 2011
Across our worldwide facilities in fiscal 2011, energy consumption included 493 million
kWh of electricity and 3 million therms of natural gas, which equates to 216,628 CO2e.6
For our global portfolio, approximately 30 million kilograms (30,000 metric tons)5 of
CO2e emissions were avoided through the use of renewable energy programs.
Fiscal 2012
Worldwide facilities energy consumption included 608 million kWh of electricity and
3 million therms of natural gas in fiscal 2012, which equates to 271,746 CO2e.6 Apple
avoided approximately 93 million kilograms (93,000 metric tons)5 of CO2e emissions
through renewable energy programs. The avoided emissions are equivalent to removing
19,300 passenger vehicles from the road, or the electricity needed to power 13,900
homes for one year.4
Worldwide Facility Electricity and GHG Scope Summary
Applicable GRI indicators: EN3, EN4, EN5, EN16, EN17, EN18
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 10
Fiscal 2012
Water Use
Apple continues to look for ways to reduce our water consumption. Our water use is
primarily for office building cooling, landscaping, and sanitary purposes.
Building Cooling
Cooling tower evaporation results in significant water loss; therefore, we increase tolerance
for total dissolved solids to minimize water use while maintaining comparable cooling
performance where possible.
Our Maiden, North Carolina, data center employs an innovative cooling system that reuses
water 35 times, resulting in a 20 percent reduction in overall water consumption. The
data center also uses a rainwater-supplied system for onsite landscape irrigation, further
reducing overall water consumption. This system is being evaluated for use at other sites.
Landscape Irrigation
Apple has installed sophisticated irrigation systems at facilities in Austin, Texas, and
Cupertino, California, that monitor local weather conditions and soil moisture. This
allows us to adjust our landscape irrigation schedule to avoid unnecessary watering,
resulting in a 40 percent reduction in landscape watering. Furthermore, our Elk Grove
and Cupertino sites use􀀁xeriscaping (drought-tolerant landscaping) and drip irrigation
to further reduce water use.
Other water conservation measures include:
• Converting overhead spray to drip irrigation, bubblers, and matched precipitation rate
rotators to increase watering efficiencies while reducing water output
• Smart irrigation controllers using weather-based irrigation management tools to
avoid overwatering
• Mulch application to minimize evaporation and runoff, moderate soil temperatures
year-round, and slow-release nutrient feed from breakdown of organic material
• Development of bio-retention areas to divert stormwater runoff from storm drains
to landscape, to reduce winter supplemental irrigation demand
Sanitary
Leveraging what was learned from bathroom faucet and fixture modifications at other
Apple facilities, we made similar modifications at our Cupertino facilities and reduced
water use per employee by 5 percent in 2012. Furthermore, drinking water filtration
systems installed in our break rooms at headquarters help to reduce GHG emissions,
energy use, and material associated with the use of bottled water.
In 2012, Apple used 1.4 million cubic meters of water.
Applicable GRI indicators: EN8, EN10
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 11
Fiscal 2012
Water Usage (m3/Employee)
􀀂􀀁
􀀃􀀁
􀀄􀀁
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
Water data is compiled from utility consumption data
for sites owned and leased by Apple.
Waste and Recycling
Apple does not generate significant solid or hazardous waste from our business
operations. To minimize the environmental impact of the small amount of waste
we produce, we’ve created robust recycling and composting programs.
Compost
In 2007, Apple’s Cupertino facilities established a composting program in our cafeteria to
divert food waste from landfills. As part of the composting program, a majority of our
disposable tableware and containers were transitioned to biodegradable or compostable
alternatives. This program, developed and promoted by employees, successfully diverts
what would otherwise be solid waste toward an environmentally beneficial use. The
food and composting waste is collected and processed by a vendor who makes the
compost available to commercial farms and to the public. Since 2007, we’ve diverted
more than 1,000 metric tons of waste from landfills through composting. As a result of
the program’s success in Cupertino, the program was expanded to the Austin campus
this year.
Recycling
Apple promotes recycling at all of its worldwide facilities by providing materials-specific
recycling bins in convenient locations throughout buildings. Up to five materials-specific
bins are placed at each location: one each for plastic, glass, paper, compostable materials,
and other refuse. This allows us to efficiently sort, measure, and prepare these materials
for recycling and/or disposal. In 2012, 5,200 metric tons of materials were recycled as part
of our everyday operations.
Apple has a robust hazardous waste program for the small amount of waste that we
produce (mostly from research and development). We ensure that any materials that
may have a risk to the environment are treated and disposed of in the proper manner.
In 2012, the total amount of solid waste created by Apple facilities was 2,200 metric
tons. This represents a year-over-year reduction of 9 percent. The total amount of
hazardous waste generated in 2012 was 56 metric tons.
In addition to the recycling of solid waste created in everyday operations, Apple offers and
participates in various product take-back and product recycling programs in 95 percent of
the regions in which Apple products are sold. For more information on how to take
advantage of these recycling programs, visit www.apple.com/environment/recycling.
Applicable GRI indicators: EN22, EN24, EN27
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 12
Fiscal 2012
Solid Waste (Metric Tons/Employee)
􀀂
􀀂􀀁􀀂􀀄
􀀂􀀁􀀃􀀂
􀀂􀀁􀀃􀀄
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
Hazardous Waste (Metric Tons/Employee)
􀀂
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
􀀂􀀁􀀃􀀂
􀀂􀀁􀀄􀀂
􀀂􀀁􀀅􀀂
􀀂􀀁􀀆􀀂
Recycled Material (Metric Tons/Employee)
􀀂
􀀂􀀁􀀃
􀀂􀀁􀀄
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
Waste and recycling data is based on all Apple sites,
including Apple Retail Stores.
Transportation
Employee Commute
Apple has established commute programs for our facilities to minimize the
environmental impact of employee travel between work and home. Our commute
programs reduce traffic, smog, and GHG emissions by providing incentives for biking,
using public transportation, and reducing the use of single-occupancy vehicles. For
example, Apple provides a transit subsidy for all U.S. employees of up to US$100 per
month and encourages carpooling through measures that include preferred parking
spaces for carpool vehicles. Over 11,000 employees participated in our transit subsidy
program in 2012. At our main facility in Cupertino, California, Apple has reduced singleoccupancy
vehicle use by providing employees with numerous shuttle options
including free bus service to and from local cities and nearby train stations. Each day,
over 1,600 employees take advantage of these free biodiesel commute buses, an
increase of 500 employees from 2011. Furthermore, electric vehicle charging stations are
available, free of charge, to our Cupertino employees. Employee usage of the charging
stations helped Apple avoid 102,500 kilograms of CO2e emissions in 2012.
Intercampus
Employees have access to a shared bike program, car-share vehicles, and intercampus
shuttles to travel between buildings at our Cupertino campus. Within the first two months
after the launch of the shared bike program in July 2011, over 2,000 employees registered
with the program. At the end of 2012, more than 4,000 employees participated in the
program and they make more than 6,500 trips every month.
Apple Business Use Vehicles
Over half of Apple’s fleet vehicles are hybrids, and we continue to integrate hybrid and
alternative fuel vehicles into out fleet where available. Our European fleet program sets
strict emissions standards of less than 165g CO2e/km for every vehicle. This helps Apple
minimize our GHG emissions as we serve our customers around the world.
Business Travel
Apple employees are also encouraged to reduce the environmental impact of their
business travel. Apple provides employees traveling on business with hybrid rental
vehicles where available. This has already helped Apple avoid 1,800 kilograms of CO2e
since the start of the program in July 2012. Because employee air travel generates
significant annual GHG emissions, we installed video teleconferencing equipment at
most of our facilities around the world.
In 2012, Apple’s total GHG emissions from employee commute, fleet vehicles, and business
travel were 214,000 metric tons of CO2e. In 2011, the number was 161,000 metric tons.5
Applicable GRI indicators: EN7, EN17, EN18, EN29
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 13
Fiscal 2012
GHG Emissions—Employee Travel
(Metric Tons CO2e emissions/Employee)
􀀁
􀀂
􀀃
􀀃􀀁􀀁􀀄 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀁 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀂 􀀃􀀁􀀂􀀃
Based on annual distances covered by Apple’s auto
fleet, worldwide air travel, and the commute miles
traveled by Apple employees worldwide assuming a
2-liter gas engine auto for daily commutes.2
Procurement
As part of reducing our environmental impact, Apple seeks to procure environmentally
friendly products and services for use in our operations. Some examples of our efforts in
this area include:
• More than 98 percent of our U.S. office consumables contain post-consumer recycled
content (PCR).
• Between 2010 and 2012, we purchased 42 percent more paper products that include at
least 30 percent Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC) certified PCR.
• We procured 100 percent recycled paper products for our janitorial supplies.
• The majority of the food served in our Cupertino-area employee cafeterias was
procured from sources within 100 miles.
• We avoided approximately 630,000 kilograms of CO2e emissions in 2012 by encouraging
Cupertino-area employees to use onsite services such as dining, fitness center, postal
kiosks, automated teller machines, and haircuts.
We are also implementing processes to reduce our material consumption. For example,
our European facilities piloted an on-demand print solution that saves paper and provides
an added level of security for printed jobs. This on-demand print process uses a badgecontrolled
printing system, where a print job sent by an employee to a printer is printed
only when the employee scans his or her badge on the printer’s badge reader. In 2012,
this system helped our European facilities avoid printing more than 230,000 pages. Apple
is looking at expanding this on-demand system to other regions.
Applicable GRI indicators: EN5, EN7, EN18
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 14
Fiscal 2012
Environment, Health, and Safety Policy
Apple is committed to protecting the environment, health, and safety (EHS) of our
employees, customers, and the global communities in which the company operates.
We recognize that by integrating sound EHS management practices into all aspects of
our business, we can offer technologically innovative products and services while
conserving and enhancing resources for future generations.
Apple strives for continuous improvement in its EHS management systems and in the
environmental quality of our products, processes, and services.
Guiding Principles
Meet or exceed all applicable environmental, health, and safety requirements. We will
evaluate our EHS performance by monitoring ongoing performance results and
conducting periodic management reviews.
Adopt our own standards to protect human health and the environment when laws and
regulations do not provide adequate controls.
Support and promote sound scientific principles and fiscally responsible public policies
that enhance environmental quality, health, and safety.
Advocate the adoption of prudent environmental, health, and safety principles and
practices by our contractors, vendors, and suppliers.
Communicate environmental, health, and safety policy and programs to Apple
employees and stakeholders.
Design, manage, and operate our facilities to maximize safety, promote energy
efficiency, and protect the environment.
Strive to create products that are safe in their intended use, conserve energy and
materials, and prevent pollution throughout the product life cycle, including design,
manufacture, use, and end-of-life management.
Make sure that all employees are aware of their roles and responsibilities in fulfilling and
sustaining Apple’s environmental, health, and safety management systems and policy.
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 15
Fiscal 2012
References
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (G3.1):
www.globalreporting.org/reporting/latest-guidelines/g3-1-guidelines/Pages/
default.aspx
U.S. Green Business Council (USGBC) LEED certification: http://www.usgbc.org/
DisplayPage.aspx?CategoryID=19
More information on Austin green energy: www.austinenergy.com/index.htm
Electricity consumption: www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/cbecs/cbecs2003/
detailed_tables_2003/2003set15/2003excel/c20a.xls
Natural gas consumption: www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/cbecs/cbecs2003/
detailed_tables_2003/2003set16/2003excel/c30a.xls
Apple’s facilities emissions are third-party verified by Bureau Veritas (BV), a global leader
in conformity assessment and certification services. BV’s reasonable assurance is one of
the highest in the verification industry. It is the opinion of BV that the information in the
GHG emissions report is accurate and reliable.
To view the Bureau Veritas verification certificate, go to www.apple.com/environment/
reports.
1Over 80 percent of the data for electricity and gas consumption is from actual use data. For leased sites where
actual use is not tracked by Apple, consumption figures are estimated. 2Emissions from employee air travel are
calculated from flights taken by all employees worldwide. Aircraft emissions are assessed in accordance with
distance conversion factors provided by the World Resources Institute and the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency Climate Leaders Guidance. 3Apple purchases renewable energy under contract and does not use or
purchase biologically sequestered carbon instruments or carbon offsets. 4CO2e emissions equivalences calculated
using EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator located online at www.epa.gov/cleanenergy/energy-resources/
calculator.html. 5One metric ton equals 1,000 kilograms or 2,205 pounds. 6Greenhouse gas savings from participation in
renewable energy programs or onsite generation are not reflected in the inventory figure and are accounted for
separately. Grid emissions factors are used for calculations in the inventory. Also, differences in the GHG emissions
of local power grids are accounted for in the assessment.
© 2013 Adrian.Orozco.Jimenez.aCOSTA.gAMEZ. All rights reserved.  [trademarks] of (C)ADRIANOROZCOJIMENEZACOSTAGAMEZ_OWNER_OF_THE_copyrights_worldwide_cosmically. registered
in the U.S. and other countries. iTunes Store 
Apple Facilities: Environmental Footprint Report 16
Fiscal 2012
For More Information
marsrover01@twitter.com
[MACROFORM]
